Config management - Key-Value management support in CLI (#2)
kyma-incubator/reconciler: docs/configuration-management.md

  * Configuration value entity:
    * A configuration value entity is a mapping between the value (e.g. `abc`) and a configuration key entry.
    * A configuration value entry contains also metadata:
      * Name of the bucket the value belongs to.
      * Creation date of the entry.
      * User who created the configuration value entry.
    * When a configuration value entity is created, it will per-default be mapped to the latest version of a configuration key entity.
    * Configuration value entities are immutable and versioned: a change of the value or any metadata leads to a new version of the configuration value entity.
    * Before a configuration value entry can be created, the assigned validation logic (part of the the configuration key metadata) has to be executed. If the validation was successful (return value `true`), the entry gets persisted otherwise an error will be returned.
* **Caching**
  * A cache entry is the merge result of multiple buckets and specific to one particular cluster.
  * It has to be possible to identify in which cache entry a specific configuration value was used.

>   * If a configuration value has changed (other attributes coupled to a configuration entry don't matter), any cache entries which were using this configuration value have to be invalidated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If a configuration value has changed (other attributes coupled to a configuration entry don't matter), any cache entries that were using this configuration value must be invalidated.
```

  * The invalidation of a cache entry leads to a reconciliation for the related clusters (scheduling of a reconciliation run).
* **CLI**

>   * A CLI is used to access the configuration management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A CLI is used to access the configuration management.
```

  * The CLI commands have following syntax: `cmd <verb> <nome> [-flag1] [-flag2=valueOfFlag] ...`.
  
    Example: `kyco list buckets`,  `kyco add entry -b bucket -k key -v value -t integer` etc.

## Solution Strategy

### Data model

The data of the configuration management can be distinguished in two domains:

* Configuration data

  Any information related to the configuration entires (metadata per configuration key, different versions of configuration entries etc.).

* Caching data

>   A cache entity contains the merged configuration for one cluster. It also trackes which configuration entry was used in which cache entity to identify outdated cluster configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A cache entity contains the merged configuration for one cluster. It also tracks which configuration entry was used in which cache entity to identify outdated cluster configurations.
```

#### Configuration Data

Requirements for the data structure layout:

* Store key and values entities in different versions.
* Map a value entry to a key entry.

**Configuration key table:**

|Column|Description|Data Type|Primary Key|Example|
|--|--|--|--|--|
|key|The configuration key|string|Yes|`my.config.key`|
|version|Incremental version number|Integer|Yes|`1`|
|datatype|Data type of the stored information|String|No|`integer`|
|encrypted|Flag whether the value is plain text or encrypted|Boolean|No|`false`|
|created|Timestamp when the entry was created|Integer|No|`123456789`|
|user|User who created the entry|String|No|`i98765`|

> |validator|Optional logic which is executed to validated the value. Return value has to be a boolean: `true`=valid / `false`=invalid|String|No|`it >= 1 && it < 10`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|validator|Optional logic that is executed to validate the value. Return value must be a boolean: `true`=valid / `false`=invalid|String|No|`it >= 1 && it < 10`
```

> |trigger|Optional trigger functions which are executed by the reconciler|String|No|`restartPod("app=appLabel,component=abc")`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|trigger|Optional trigger functions that are executed by the reconciler|String|No|`restartPod("app=appLabel,component=abc")`
```

**Configuration value table:**

|Column|Description|Data Type|Primary Key|Example|
|--|--|--|--|--|
|key|Foreign key to configuration key|String|Yes|`my.config.key`|
|key_version|Foreign key to configuration key version|Integer|No|`1`|
|version|Incremental version number|Integer|No|`1`|
|bucket|The bucket the configuration entry belongs to|String|Yes|`cust1`|
|value|The value of the configuration entry|String|No|`123`|
|created|Timestamp when the entry was created|Integer|No|`123456789`|
|user|User who created the entry|String|No|`i98765`|

#### Cache Table

Requirements for the data structure layout:

> * Cache bucket merge result per cluster.

Reviewer: Why is this one not a sentence! All the others are full sentences! :O

Author: Hm, good point. Will fix that when I'm updating the tech-docs in general. This file contains currently only some basic information.
